fix: load compliance report from file system (#3161)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/kubernetes/cli/compliance.md

```
$ trivy k8s cluster --compliance=nsa --report all --format json
```

## Custom compliance report

The Trivy K8s CLI allows you to create a custom compliance specification and pass it to trivy for generating scan report .

The report is generated based on scanning result mapping between users define controls and trivy checks ID.
The supported checks are from two types and can be found at [Aqua vulnerability DB](https://avd.aquasec.com/):
- [misconfiguration](https://avd.aquasec.com/misconfig/)
- [vulnerabilities](https://avd.aquasec.com/nvd) 

### Compliance spec format

The compliance spec file format should look as follow :

```yaml
---
spec:
  id: "0001" # report unique identifier
  title: nsa # report title 
  description: National Security Agency - Kubernetes Hardening Guidance # description of the report
  relatedResources :

>     - https://www.nsa.gov/Press-Room/News-Highlights/Article/Article/2716980/nsa-cisa-release-kubernetes-hardening-guidance/ # refreance is related to public or internal spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - https://www.nsa.gov/Press-Room/News-Highlights/Article/Article/2716980/nsa-cisa-release-kubernetes-hardening-guidance/ # reference is related to public or internal spec
```

  version: "1.0" # spec version
  controls:
    - name: Non-root containers # short control naming
      description: 'Check that container is not running as root' # long control description
      id: '1.0' # control identifier 
      checks:   # list of trivy checks which associated to control
        - id: AVD-KSV-0012 # check ID (midconfiguration ot vulnerability) must start with `AVD-` or `CVE-` 
      severity: 'MEDIUM' # control severity
    - name: Immutable container file systems
      description: 'Check that container root file system is immutable'
      id: '1.1'
      checks:
        - id: AVD-KSV-0014
      severity: 'LOW'
```

## Custom report CLI Commands

> To generate the custom report an custom spec file path should be passed to the trivy command with `@` prefix as follow:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
To generate the custom report, an custom spec file path should be passed to the `--compliance` flag with `@` prefix as follow:
```
